In previous lessons, you learned about the "payable" keyword.
This is the keyword that enables a function to receive funds.
Any function that has the payable keyword is a candidate for receiving ether when called.
The Message.value property indicates the amount of ether that was sent to that function,
and the funds are received in the unit of way.
Your contract may have a fallback function,
and that's a generic way to receive funds.
Fallback functions have no name,
and they can only exist as a one singular item in a contract.
Funds sent from a contract to a fallback function in
another contract have a very low gas stipend of 2,300.
Now let's take a look at transferring funds.
Funds received by a contract stay in the contract account.
As we reviewed earlier,
contract accounts do not have private keys and therefore cannot
send the funds out unless done through code.
If received funds are not transferred to
an External Owned Account or EOA with a private key,
or used by contract functions,
they are trapped forever in the contract account.
Address.transfer is a safe way for you
to transfer funds from within the contract to an EOA,
an Externally Owned Account.
It will throw an error on failure which will
ensure that no unsafe transactions continue forward.
Address.send can be used, it's somewhat safe,
it returns false, but in general address.transfer is the preferred method to send funds.
Address.color value is quite unsafe and can potentially use all available gas,
so you should avoid it if possible.
Sending funds have the possibility of freezing funds if,
for example, you try and execute a loop where the contract runs out of gas.
It is recommended that you use a pull and not a push approach for sending funds.
The pattern there is to essentially credit the recipient's account,
and when the account owner of that account wishes to withdraw
the funds they can call a custom function within your contract to withdraw the funds.
This is generally a safe way to ensure that both the credit
of the account and the transfer or withdrawal
of funds doesn't occur in the same transaction.
It's recommended that when sending funds,
when trying to determine who the owner is or who the fund should be sent to,
do not use tx.origin and instead use
msg.sender which is the direct calling account for that function.
That brings us to our first quiz.
Which of the following statements is true?